FAQ - Orders

How long will it take to ship my order?

It takes approximately 1-2 business days to process your order. Once shipped, you should receive it in 3-8 business days.
Shipping to Hawaii, Alaska, APO/FPO/DPO, Puerto Rico, US Virgin Islands, and Guam may take up to 6 weeks in some cases.
Is shipping available outside the U.S.?

We currently only ship to the United States.
Is there a shipping fee?

All orders are subject to a $5.99 fee per shipment from each shipping location. You can see where your item is being shipped from in the "Shipping Location" section of the item details page.
Is expedited shipping available?

Unfortunately, expedited shipping is not available at this time.
How do I track my order?

Once your order has been shipped, you will receive an email with tracking information. For additional questions, reach out to fabletics@thredup.com.
My order tracking number is not updating.

If the estimated delivery time frame has passed, contact fabletics@thredup.com with your order number to track your package.
My order was delivered but not received.

Sometimes orders are prematurely scanned as delivered. Please check with neighbors, roommates, property manager, or front office, search around your property, and confirm with your delivery provider. If not received within 14 days, contact fabletics@thredup.com.
What is your cancellation policy?

Contact fabletics@thredup.com with your order number to request a cancellation. If a cancellation is not possible, use the returns process.
Can I change the shipping address on my order?

Contact fabletics@thredup.com with your order number and new address. Once an order is processed, the shipping address cannot be changed.
Can I change the payment method on my order?

Once an order is placed, the payment method cannot be changed. If the order hasn't been processed, customer service may be able to cancel the order.
FAQ - Returns

What is the return policy?

Visit the Returns page to process your request. Returns must be sent back within 14 days of delivery.
Items must be returned in the condition they were received (e.g., with original tags if applicable).
A return shipping fee of $5.99 will be deducted from the refund.
Do you allow returns in Fabletics stores?

Only online returns for Fabletics | Yitty x ThredUp items are accepted.
How long until I receive my refund?

It may take up to 7 business days for your bank to credit the refund.
FAQ - Trade In

How does trade in work?

Fabletics | Yitty partners with ThredUp to turn gently used clothes into shopping credit. Items that are not eligible for consignment will be reused or responsibly recycled.
How can I get a Clean Out Kit or a digital label?

Visit the Trade In page to print a digital label for use on any package.
What if I forget to activate my bag before mailing it back?

Email fabletics@thredup.com with your bag number or tracking number for activation.
FAQ - Products

What condition are Fabletics | Yitty x ThredUp items?

All items are inspected to meet quality standards and must show no signs of wear or damage.
I can’t find my size or color for a specific item.

Inventory is constantly changing, so check the site frequently for new listings.
